with more and more money siphoned into
mutual funds and Pension funds
corporations have still struggled to
find a good source of consistent return
for their clients Pension funds have
long been abused knowing that the money
will always be bailed out should it ever
need to be a government will print its
currency into destruction before
admitting defeat and default on its debt
obligations this time in
Dallas massive withdrawals were taking
place and they decided to prevent that
from happening causing a massive
stir you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you this here is
bombshell news this here is not being
covered by the media does that surprise
anybody to today let's look at Dallas
rating as far as I'm concerned public
Pension
funds look at
it Dallas Police and Fire pension board
ends a run on the bank stops $154
million in
withdrawals all right huge news I need
to bring this to you I'm focusing the
entire video on this today stay with me
for a few minutes as we look at
something that will be continued to be
widespread this has gone on in different
countries different
cities and it is a continuing
program let's forward a little further
down in the article the Dallas Police
and Fire pension system Board of
Trustees suspended
lumpsum withdrawals from the pension
fund staving off a possible restraining
order and
stopping $154 million in withdrawal
requests think about what that means you
have your money inside of this pension
fund it's your money so you
think and now they put a stop on
that so whose money is it it's yours
right okay well you want a
back can I have a back no no you can't
have a
back
$154 Million worth the system was set to
pay out the weekly requests pension
officials said allowing the withdrawals
would leave them without the liquid
reserves required to sustain the $2.1
billion fund wait a second
if people take their money out all of a
sudden you don't have enough
money so are you saying it's just like a
traditional bank that you go to where
they don't have a fraction of the money
due to fractional Reserve Banking and
you don't have their money
whoa now this has become very serious
very quickly our situation is currently
this is this is the board chairman okay
currently
critical and we took action oh you took
action all right you prevent people from
accessing their money as far as I'm
considered that's theft that's
stealing let me continue on here for a
moment because it gets better
I you
know I'm going to read this and I'm
really pissed off
unfortunately
financially this had to happen no it
didn't okay you didn't have to steal
people's money you didn't have to stop
this from happening
you those in control of this pension
fund need to either and I'll get into it
in a moment this drop plan
deferred retirement option plan or drop
okay basically they can sort
of they can defer the payment somewhere
else and it's a way
to essentially make more profit
okay and what they said was that this
program here was the reason they
couldn't afford to pay people their
money back so they just put a stop on it
until they gather their
senses let's think about that for a
second where are those fund managers and
everyone else that are trying to manage
this pension fund to be able to give the
returns that they've
promised to these
clients well of
course the Pension funds aren't doing so
well even though the stock market is
doing oh so well right now this pension
fund just like many others isn't doing
so
well what about all of that money that's
supposed to be in there and instead it's
abused if there is let's say $2 billion
worth of investments in that particular
fund you better damn well make sure you
have $2
billion liquid on hand some people are
going to want to take their money out
and you better make sure it's
available look if there's some sort of
tax implications for taking the money
out let's say the individual's I don't
know 50 years old and you have to wait
until you're 65 to get that money out
but they want to pull it out at 50 years
old sure they're going to get taxed
based on income and everything
else but if you withhold that money you
no matter what if you're the entity
you're a government you are a banking
institution you're a criminal you
withhold people's money you are a
criminal Kingston said the tough
decision will be worth it if it means
the pension which is hurdling
toward insolvency just they all are they
all are within the next decade or so
probably much sooner it's probably
already
redlining can be saved there is
something called
intragovernmental debt okay that's
borrowing from itself the US government
is well over $5 trillion dollar of
intergovernmental debt it borrows from
the Social Security it borrows from
everything
else in order to pay off programs today
that is theft look just because you do
it from yourself doesn't mean it's not
theft sorry to to break that to
you all
right moving on just quickly here I want
to cover a couple more programs um
couple more parts of this program the
city proposal would wipe away the drop
interest over the years wiping it
away let's just think about that for a
second wiping it
away from existing drop accounts or just
adjusting the future monthly benefits
for those who already took their money
out I love those terms wiping it
away right you're going to take people's
money and you're going to get away with
it Kingston had declined to comment on
the plan but he called the city's plan
finally draon in but so is the pension
system check this out pension systems
request for a $1.1
billion
taxpayer
bailout Fanny May Freddy Mack the auto
companies everything else they screw up
and they get bailed out and who pays for
the bailout it's the taxpayers of course
that's just the way this works both the
taxpayers and the police of firefighters
will have to share in the pain oh that's
right so let me get this straight
individual he works really hard for 20
30 years 40 years maybe
even puts his dues in does what he has
to do and in the
end he gets the short end of the stick
getting screwed over over over and over
again what a bunch of baloney I'm tired
of this and the simple fact of the
matter is that if we prepare for
ourselves now if you use what I call the
money GPS strategy we don't have to deal
with any of this crap this is all theft
the entire Financial system I know a lot
of you people listening have a lot of
your money a lot
writing on
the stock market in some way shape or
form and I'm not here to put anybody
down I'm here because I'm
concerned look at this the stock market
is going higher and higher and higher
yet this penin fund is dying and this is
from Dallas it's not from Detroit it's
not from a place where people are
necessarily in real real bad shape
boarded up buildings and such that's not
the case we are not this this right here
just
um this this pissed me off we are not
holding your money
forever this is your money sure
sure how about how about
this I reach into your pocket grab your
wallet take everything that's in there
let's say it was 100 bucks I take it out
I put it in my pocket and I
say this is not going to be
forever I will give you your money back
it's yours okay
promise goodbye see you later and then I
take that money and I go to the store
and I buy an iPod with
it and you may or may not ever see me
again but that bill though it had your
name on it I wrote your name right on
it so what
exactly is going to happen to it well I
don't know I don't know do you know no
you don't know and that's the whole
point the system is rotten it's rotten
to the bone people don't get that and
people in Dallas right now innocent
people are getting
burned that's enough for this I just
wanted to also show you the fact that
look
out of the Rolling Stone
magazine looting the Pension funds all
across America Wall Street is grabbing
money meant for public workers it's gone
on so many times before and people don't
realize it their whole livelihood
relying on Pension funds mutual funds
the stock market in some way they're
relying on their rrsps their 401ks their
supers
and what one day could be worth nothing
and people are going to be lining up at
the bank they're going to be lining up
at government offices and eventually
when the door shuts on their face they
are going to be pissed off and they are
going to be riots there's going to be
civil unrest and I don't want to be here
at that time to say I told you so I want
to be living way out of the way because
people are not going to be happy if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs up and hey if you didn't
find it informative if you don't like me
give me a thumbs down let me know I'm
not afraid to get those thumbs down too
give me a thumbs up give me a thumbs
down tell me what you think comment down
below let me know what you think I need
to know that I'm actually a individual
who wants to hear from subscribers I
actually do I'm not like all those
others out there who claim to be you
know knowing everything all this
information I am a student in this I
study this every single
day so I want to hear what you have to
say so of course please give me those
thumbs up
and if you want
to check out more
information look at my book you can
actually flip through it at Amazon they
have a look inside feature it allows you
to flip through the pages of the book to
see if you like it take care